## CYW43439
Is a single-chip 802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11.n radio with integrated Bluetooth
5.2 compatability from Cypress.
This chip is used for example on the Raspberry Pico Pi W (Wirless)
microcontroller board.

### Architecture
This component which on contains three major components as I understand it.

One is a ARM Cortex M3 32 bit RISC processor. This processor runs an operating
system named `HNDRTE` which is from Cypress.

The second is a WLAN component and the third is BT PHY/BT Clock Control.

If we use the Pico Pi W an example I think it would communicate with the
CYW43439 using SPI, SDIO or something to forward and receive frames. Also
control requests are passed from the host to CYW43439 and it responds with
device responses.

There is a host driver (DHD) that presents a driver interface. There is a bus
for this communication and there is a control channel and a data channel.
The message format is BDC protocol. TODO: what is this BDC protocol?

The transfers between the host and CYW43439 is message based (framed).
The SDIO bus is an addressable bus and each message must contain an explicit
device target address


### ioctl (input/output control)
Is a system call for device specific I/O operations. This takes a parameter
specifying the operation/command.

### SDPCM
This is a protocol, and in https://infineon.github.io/wifi-host-driver/html/index.html#overview
we find this:
```
The Bus layer provides bus level protocol handling. For SDIO, a bus protocol
known as SDPCM is used.

SDPCM - SDIO/SPI Bus Layer SDPCM Layer takes care of:
* Adding a Sequence number to packet sent to WLAN Chip
* Flow control between WHD and WLAN Chi
```
So this add credit management, is that what CM stand for perhaps?
SDIO Packet and Credit Management layer?
SDIO Packet Control Management layer?

### Country Locale Matrix (CLM)
This is a database maintained by Cypress and contains regulatory configuration
information like target power outputs of WiFi modules with respect to country,
bands, data rates, and channels.
This blob is loaded dynamically by the Cypress FMAC driver on module activation.

